." Manpage for laptop-setup
.TH LAPTOP-SETUP 1 "December 2025" "1.0" "Laptop Setup Subcommand Manual"
.SH NAME
laptop-setup \- Install and setup every tool for the current profile
.SH DESCRIPTION
The setup subcommand performs a complete installation and configuration of your laptop based on the selected profile. It handles bootstrapping, shell configuration, and installation of all required tools and dependencies.
.PP
The setup process includes:
.RS
.TP
\- Bootstrapping the laptop environment
.TP
\- Configuring the default shell
.TP
\- Installing all tools defined in the profile
.TP
\- Setting up development environments
.RE
.PP
Before running setup, the command will ask for confirmation and display the profile and installation mode being used.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B laptop setup
.SH OPTIONS
Use parent command options:
.TP
.B -y, --yes
Skip confirmation prompts and proceed with setup.
.TP
.B --color \fImode\fR
Enable or disable ANSI colors.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B LAPTOP_PROFILE
The profile to use for installation (default: "default"). The profile must exist at $LAPTOP_HOME/profile/$LAPTOP_PROFILE/profile.sh
.TP
.B LAPTOP_GIT_REMOTE
Git repository used for zsh plugin and auto-updates. Required for setup. Can be:
.RS
.TP
\- A GitHub repository identifier (e.g., jpolo/laptop)
.TP
\- A full git URL (e.g., https://github.com/jpolo/laptop.git)
.RE
.TP
.B LAPTOP_HOME
Local folder of installation of the laptop executable and library.
.TP
.B LAPTOP_BOOTSTRAP
Set to "true" to run in bootstrap mode (minimal setup). Default: false (complete setup).
.TP
.B LAPTOP_DEVCONTAINER
Indicates if running inside a devcontainer (Docker).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B laptop setup
Run setup with confirmation prompts.
.TP
.B laptop setup -y
Run setup automatically without prompts.
.TP
.B LAPTOP_PROFILE=default laptop setup
Setup with a specific profile.
.SH NOTES
If LAPTOP_GIT_REMOTE is not set, the setup command will prompt you to provide a value. This is required for the zsh plugin functionality and self-updating capability.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR laptop (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by jpolo.
