." Manpage for laptop-upgrade
.TH LAPTOP-UPGRADE 1 "December 2025" "1.0" "Laptop Upgrade Subcommand Manual"
.SH NAME
laptop-upgrade \- Upgrade all tools and packages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B laptop upgrade
.SH DESCRIPTION
The upgrade subcommand updates all installed tools and packages to their latest versions. It detects which tools are installed on your system and upgrades only those tools.
.PP
To upgrade only the laptop CLI without updating other tools, use \fBlaptop self-upgrade\fR (see \fBlaptop-self-upgrade\fR(1)).
.PP
Supported tools for upgrade include:
.RS
.TP
\- laptop (use \fBlaptop self-upgrade\fR to update only the CLI)
.TP
\- brew (Homebrew)
.TP
\- apt-get (Debian-based systems)
.TP
\- asdf (Version manager)
.TP
\- zinit (Zsh plugin manager)
.TP
\- code (Visual Studio Code)
.TP
\- cursor (Cursor editor)
.TP
\- sdkmanager (Android SDK Manager)
.TP
\- softwareupdate (macOS system updates)
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
Use parent command options:
.TP
.B -y, --yes
Skip confirmation prompts and proceed with upgrades.
.TP
.B --color \fImode\fR
Enable or disable ANSI colors.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B laptop upgrade
Run upgrade with confirmation prompts.
.TP
.B laptop upgrade -y
Run upgrade automatically without prompts.
.TP
.B laptop --yes upgrade
Same as above (options before subcommand).
.SH NOTES
The upgrade command will first detect which tools are available on your system and display them before proceeding. On macOS, you may be prompted to accept the Xcode license.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR laptop (1),
.BR laptop-cleanup (1),
.BR laptop-self-upgrade (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by jpolo.
