." Manpage for laptop
." Contact jpolo for help.
.TH LAPTOP 1 "December 2025" "1.0" "Laptop Command Manual"
.SH NAME
laptop \- A tool for maintaining your laptop (cleaning, upgrading, etc)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B laptop
[\fIoptions\fR] [\fIsubcommand\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The laptop command provides various utilities to manage and configure your laptop environment, including package management, configuration, setup, system updates, and cleanup operations.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show help information.
.TP
.B -y, --yes
Skip confirmation prompts and assume yes to all questions.
.TP
.B -v, --version
Show version information.
.TP
.B --color \fImode\fR
Enable or disable ANSI colors (default: auto)
.RS
.TP
.B auto
Use ANSI colors if available
.TP
.B always
Always use ANSI colors
.TP
.B never
Do not use ANSI colors
.RE
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B cleanup
Empty cache and prune unused resources across multiple tools.
.TP
.B config
View or edit configuration files (self, git, npm, starship, zsh).
.TP
.B setup
Install and setup every tool for the current profile for this device.
.TP
.B upgrade
Upgrade all tools and packages to their latest versions.
.TP
.B help
Show help information.
.TP
.B version
Show version information.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B LAPTOP_HOME
Local folder of installation of the laptop executable and library
.TP
.B LAPTOP_GIT_REMOTE
Git repository location used as zsh plugin. Can be:
.RS
.TP
\- A github repository name (ex: jpolo/laptop)
.TP
\- A full git url (ex: https://github.com/jpolo/laptop.git)
.RE
.TP
.B LAPTOP_PROFILE
Current profile to use for the setup/configure sub command. The profile source must be available at $LAPTOP_HOME/profile/$LAPTOP_PROFILE/profile.sh
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B laptop --help
Show help information.
.TP
.B laptop --version
Show version information.
.TP
.B laptop setup
Install and setup all tools for the current profile.
.TP
.B laptop upgrade
Upgrade all tools and packages.
.TP
.B laptop cleanup
Clean and prune unused resources.
.TP
.B laptop config view git
View the git configuration file.
.TP
.B laptop config edit zsh
Edit the zsh configuration file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR laptop-cleanup (1),
.BR laptop-config (1),
.BR laptop-setup (1),
.BR laptop-upgrade (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by jpolo.
