." Manpage for laptop-config
.TH LAPTOP-CONFIG 1 "December 2025" "1.0" "Laptop Config Subcommand Manual"
.SH NAME
laptop-config \- View, edit, or print configuration file paths
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B laptop config
\fIaction\fR [\fIconfig_type\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The config subcommand allows you to view, edit, or print paths for various configuration files used by the laptop tool and related applications. The default config type is "self" if not specified.
.SH ACTIONS
.TP
.B view \fIconfig_type\fR
Display the contents of the specified configuration file.
.TP
.B edit \fIconfig_type\fR
Open the specified configuration file in your default editor (defined by $EDITOR).
.TP
.B path \fIconfig_type\fR
Print the resolved path of the specified configuration file.
.SH CONFIGURATION TYPES
.TP
.B self
The laptop tool's own configuration file ($LAPTOP_USER_CONFIG_FILE).
.TP
.B asdf
asdf versions file ($HOME/.tool-versions).
.TP
.B git
Git configuration file ($XDG_CONFIG_HOME/git/config).
.TP
.B npm
NPM user configuration file (resolved via npm config get userconfig).
.TP
.B starship
Starship prompt configuration file ($STARSHIP_CONFIG or $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/starship/config.toml).
.TP
.B zsh
Zsh shell configuration file ($XDG_CONFIG_HOME/zsh/init).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B laptop config view
View the laptop configuration file (default).
.TP
.B laptop config view git
View the git configuration file.
.TP
.B laptop config view zsh
View the zsh configuration file.
.TP
.B laptop config view npm
View the npm user configuration file.
.TP
.B laptop config view starship
View the starship prompt configuration file.
.TP
.B laptop config view asdf
View the asdf versions file.
.TP
.B laptop config edit self
Edit the laptop configuration file in your default editor.
.TP
.B laptop config edit git
Edit the git configuration file in your default editor.
.TP
.B laptop config edit npm
Edit the npm user configuration file in your default editor.
.TP
.B laptop config edit zsh
Edit the zsh configuration file in your default editor.
.TP
.B laptop config edit asdf
Edit the asdf versions file in your default editor.
.TP
.B laptop config path
Print the laptop configuration file path (default).
.TP
.B laptop config path starship
Print the starship configuration file path.
.TP
.B laptop config path asdf
Print the asdf versions file path.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B EDITOR
The editor to use when editing configuration files (default: vi).
.TP
.B LAPTOP_USER_CONFIG_FILE
Path to the laptop configuration file.
.TP
.B STARSHIP_CONFIG
Path to the starship configuration file.
.TP
.B XDG_CONFIG_HOME
Base directory for configuration files (default: $HOME/.config).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR laptop (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by jpolo.
